Today I went on my first task with four other adventurers. They were Sayf the Sandman wielding a longsword of some sort. Novacree, also called CrazyCree the Demon Hunter. Wielding both a sword and a crossbow in each hand. A scarfaced rogue as brave as one can be. He was using two shortswords. The last one was a woman Bard that actually knew how to fight. Nessy I think her name was. 

The adventure began with us learning where to go and the following the description West. We had to find a Lumber Mill 5 days march West to find the man in need of help. We followed the "Old road" Westwards for a day and a half until we met a caravan. Upon talking to the people of the caravan we learned that they were transporting lumber from the very same Mill we were heading towards. After the Bard bought some wine and me talking to the person in charge he offered us a good coin if we escorted them back where we came from during the day just for them to get out of the dangerous forest. The group had a disagreement and Saif and Novacree ended up splitting up from us other three. Me, the Bard and the Rogue decided to help the Caravan get out of the forest. After doing this we would end up about a day's march behind the other two, but we did so nonetheless. 

On our way back the caravan was ambushed by Bandits that tried to rob the caravan. If it hadn't been for us they would have succeeded too. What happened was that they fell a tree on the road and blocked the way back with another after we passed. When we came to a stop the Bandits charged at us for an attack. I can proudly say though that I stepped up and took my role as protector of the caravan. When I saw the Bandits I stepped in front of them and shouted "The caravan is protected, and you'd do best to turn away right now". I saw the looks in their eyes as they feared me and stopped the attack on the spot. Their leader, though also scared, walked up to me and looked me in the eyes as he told his men that we were nothing to fear. As he spoke his words I swung my Greataxe and struck through his armor with a hard blow. Shocked by the sudden swing with the axe the bandits just stood there shocked. I then pulled back by Greataxe and struck the bandit leader again. Trust me when I say this, these blows were not weak but the Bandit leader still stood afterwards. How he did so, I don't know, but his strength amazed me. After these attacks all of the bandits stood there still stunned whilst my party started attacking. I even had another chance to swing my weapon before they started to actually attack back. This bandit leader was of a completely other level though since he took blow after blow without falling dead to the ground. He was greatly skilled with his sword too as he managed to cut down all three of our party before he fell himself. The only reason we did not die there and then was because of the three caravan guards that also helped us in the fight. We had managed to damage the bandit leader so greatly that one of the guards got in a hit in his stomach to bring the leader to his knees. When the remaining two or three bandits saw their leader die they all fled into the forest not to be seen again.

When we woke up again a few hours later the caravan people had taken care of us enough so that we could continue our journey. They also paid us more than promised for the work we had done them which we were very thankful for. You might think I'd feel disgraced by being taken down by the bandit leader, but that would only be because you didn't see him fight. I feel like we as a team succeeded in taking him down only because we all did our very best. He was that powerful! I look forward to the day I will fight like he did in that moment and 
